---
title: May 16th, 2024
subtitle: A Daily Writing Habit
---

# May 16th 2024
A Writing Habit
---
One of my favorite people on the internet is the writer, podcaster, and productivity extraordinaire [Merlin Mann](http://www.merlinmann.com/ "Merlin's landing page").  I've been following Merlin since he co-created the podcast [Do By Friday](https://dobyfriday.com/), which led to discoveries of all of his podcasts on the Relay FM network.  His recent passion project is something that he's been calling "[Merlin's Wisdom Project](https://github.com/merlinmann/wisdom/blob/master/wisdom.md)," and it's one of my favorite things to peruse when I find myself bored on my computer.  It's basically just a bulleted list of easily digestible wisdom told from the perspective of Merlin based on his own life experience.

### Some of my favorites include

- Say hello to every dog.
- Always wave back at children and all persons on trains.
- Flirt with all elderly women.
- If you see someone photographing a group, offer to take the photo for them so they can get in the picture. Please do not steal their camera.
- Related: when you shoot a group photo, always take at least five shots from at least two angles. For the last couple photos, say: "Everybody say 'BUTTS!'" You will instantly get many totally natural smiles, plus you just gave them a fun story.
- Sometimes in life, even though it's not your fault, it's still your problem. 

**The one that matters the most for this post**

- *Write at least a paragraph a day. Of something.*

When I read this, I thought to myself, when was the last time I wrote something just for the sake of writing something?  It bothered me to the extent that I created this new section on my site to start a daily writing habit.  I don't know the kinds of things I'll be writing about but I'm excited to get started and hopefully become a better writer over time.
